feat(SFS): SFS support a new resource to manage file system directory (#3744)
huaweicloud/terraform-provider-huaweicloud: docs/resources/sfs_turbo_dir.md

---
subcategory: "Scalable File Service (SFS)"
---

# huaweicloud_sfs_turbo_dir

Provides an Shared File System (SFS) Turbo directory resource.

## Example Usage

> ### Create a STANDARD Shared File System (SFS) Turbo Directory

Reviewer: Remove this line

```hcl
variable "share_id" {}

resource "huaweicloud_sfs_turbo_dir" "test" {
  path     = "/tmp01"
  share_id = var.share_id
  mude     = 777
  gid      = 100

>   uid      = 100

Reviewer: Remove `gid` and `uid`.

}
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `region` - (Optional, String, ForceNew) The region in which to create the SFS Turbo directory resource. If omitted, the
  provider-level region will be used. Changing this creates a new SFS Turbo directory resource.

> * `share_id` - (Required, String, ForceNew) Specifies the created file system ID. Changing this will create a new resource.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `share_id` - (Required, String, ForceNew) Specifies the SFS Turbo ID. Changing this will create a new resource.
```

* `path` - (Required, String, ForceNew) Specifies the valid full path of an existing directory. The parameter

>   starts with "/", otherwise the parameter is illegal. Changing this will create a new resource.

Reviewer: - I don't think it's necessary to require this path to exist, cause this resource is used to create a directory.
- Specifies the valid full path directory, this field must start with a slash.

> * `mude` - (Optional, Int, ForceNew) Specifies the file directory permissions. The minimum value is 0.

Reviewer: - This field is `mode`. 
- The description of this field needs to be richer. Fields `gid` and `uid` have the same problem.

```suggestion
* `mude` - (Optional, Int, ForceNew) Specifies the file directory permissions. The valid value ranges from `0` to `777`. Please refer to [document](XXXX). This field will be set to `0` when this field over 777 XXX.
```
